[web] Added option for CJS to babel preset (#4151)
expo/expo: packages/babel-preset-expo/README.md

If you have problems with the code in this repository, please file issues & bug reports
at https://github.com/expo/expo. Thanks!

## Options

### `web.allowCommonJS`

> Enabling this will enable your project to run with older javascript syntax (ie: `module.exports`). By enabling this you will also break tree shaking and your bundle will be much larger than it could be. When the older syntax is in

Reviewer: This might be clearer:
```suggestion
Enabling this option will allow your project to run with older JavaScript syntax (i.e. `module.exports`). This option will break tree shaking and increase your bundle size, but will eliminate the following error when `module.exports` is used:
```

> > Enabling `common.js` will eliminate this error: `TypeError: Cannot assign to read only property 'exports' of object '#<Object>'`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> `TypeError: Cannot assign to read only property 'exports' of object '#<Object>'`
```
